here at GCA
we regard all children as precious and
irreplaceable and so our priorities are
their safety and well-being
we understand that every child is
different and so we choose to embrace
the uniqueness of each individual while
recognizing that all children have the
same basic needs of being respected and
valued it is important to us at the
gymnastics and cheerleading Academy of
Connecticut to offer a program where all
children have an opportunity to
participate in athletics with dignity
and grace the movements of gymnastics
and cheerleading requires strength
flexibility and courage and at the
highest levels are breathtaking and
beautiful but more importantly they are
sports that give the novice athlete the
fundamental foundations for movement in
all sports it is our goal at GCA to
build confidence and self-esteem by
learning these skills in a progressive
and safe environment that leads every
child feeling like a winner it is our
fundamental beliefs that our actions and
words can have a profound effect on the
development of any child so we strive to
have the most highly educated staff
that understands the importance of their
position all of our instructors seek to
motivate and inspire each child so that
they will have a passion for fitness and
training throughout their lives the
skills that are necessary for success in
the classroom such as dedication and
hard work will also be reinforced in our
program the academic success of all our
students is of the utmost importance to
all our teachers we have chosen to
provide a state-of-the-art facility that
will be continuously updated with the
industry's newest and safest equipment
we offer an environment that is clean
and wholesome and most importantly
secure we take pride in the continued
education of our staff concerning proper
technique and safety awareness at the
end of the day it is our desire that
every child leaves with a smile on their
face feeling good about who they are